README.md, before:

uOFW [![CI status](https://github.com/uofw/uofw/workflows/Build%20uOFW/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/uofw/uofw/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)
====

This project aims to reverse engineer the basic PSP kernel to provide a free and open source vanilla firmware. You can see the current progress at the [Current Modules Status](//github.com/uofw/uofw/wiki/Current-Modules-Status) wiki page.

## Documentation

* [PSP Kernel API Documentation](http://uofw.github.io/uofw/)
* PSP Hardware and Software information can be found at [uofw/upspd](https://github.com/uofw/upspd).
 
## Installation

You can run components of uOFW by following the directions at [uofw/uofwinst](https://github.com/uofw/uofwinst).

## Contributing

This project is far from complete. We welcome everyone to help us.

To get started, please read the [wiki](//github.com/uofw/uofw/wiki). It contains the necessary information to contribute to uOFW.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. It includes code from the PSPSDK which is licensed under the BSD license. For more copyright and license information, see [COPYING](COPYING).

## Questions or need help?

You can chat with us the following ways:
* via IRC on the [FreeNode server](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (irc.freenode.net) - join channel #uofw
* via e-mail: uofwteam@gmail.com

Commit message:

README: Add link to presentation

README.md, after:

uOFW [![CI status](https://github.com/uofw/uofw/workflows/Build%20uOFW/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/uofw/uofw/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)
====

This project aims to reverse engineer the basic PSP kernel & hardware to create an up-to-date technical documentation of the system as well as to provide a free and open source vanilla firmware.

To learn more about uOFW (including examples where it was used by the PSP community), please check out [this presentation](https://github.com/uofw/uofw/blob/readme-update/docs/presentations/HDC_04_03_2021.pdf). 

The current progress on the project can be found on the [Current Modules Status](//github.com/uofw/uofw/wiki/Current-Modules-Status) wiki page.

## Documentation

* [PSP Kernel API Documentation](http://uofw.github.io/uofw/)
* PSP Hardware and Software information can be found at [uofw/upspd](https://github.com/uofw/upspd).
 
## Installation

You can run components of uOFW by following the directions at [uofw/uofwinst](https://github.com/uofw/uofwinst).

## Contributing

This project is far from complete. We welcome everyone to help us.

To get started, please read the [wiki](//github.com/uofw/uofw/wiki). It contains the necessary information to contribute to uOFW.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. It includes code from the PSPSDK which is licensed under the BSD license. For more copyright and license information, see [COPYING](COPYING).

## Questions or need help?

You can chat with us the following ways:
* via IRC on the [FreeNode server](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (irc.freenode.net) - join channel #uofw
* via e-mail: uofwteam@gmail.com
